what's up guys this is avoiding like
this 83 and here we're going to be
unboxing my new beats solo HD headphones
these are smarty blue yeah keep it as me
but these are pretty much blew on solo
headphones and I don't know why the car
smarty blue like all the record will be
moving going how's the one I got my
girlfriend I will compare both from shop
outside a second just let me cut this
open and actually pick these up because
I had a little bit of money laying
around pretty much and I didn't want to
get a pair of beats for me I believed it
a little expensive but you're paying
about media hundred twenty five and a
half rolls and 80 for the style in my
opinion but I'm okay with that alright
so let's get this open and you get
of course the little books install don't
really care about that you get the jack
right here recording at that volume
control and a multi farmstand control to
get out of the way and that's pretty
much about it what you get in the box of
course you get the case and soft cover I
kind of would have wished builder put
hot cold by now and this all will be
well in the 200 bucks so then i'm going
to give you so much okay so you'll get
won't talk back into a dense or want
cable get that out the way and actually
pick these up mainly because i don't
want to be rockin the red or the white
or the black ones i want to rock a
different color cause with the white on
the inside like so and there's like a
sky blue and it's pretty question could
add the white iphone and actually mad
really nice with these headset you just
take a closer look at it we go so I'm
going to do know if you wanna tease
because play Bible hardly sound they
sound pretty good or give 200 odd these
are excellent and being painful style
and quality so you guys thank you for
watching you make if you like this video
hoping up I hit that thumbs up and hit
the subscribe button if you're not
subscribed already put I'll catch the
next video peace on so you go through
both headphone side by side this is my
fiancé's headphone and your mind these
are the boys smarty blue and these are
the Bubblegum headphones so there you go
and then cause actual colors they have a
green type and like a purple hey guys i
hope you enjoy the video peace out again
you